---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-20T14:24:21.159Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-20T14:24:20.451Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-20-fe67aa60-e4e9-43c8-a1c9-214f37a0588f.md
published: true
url: fe67aa60-e4e9-43c8-a1c9-214f37a0588f/index.html
_type: Article

---
## HOTEL RESTAURANTS 

**China Blue at Conrad Tokyo**
Why go to a Chinese restaurant in Tokyo, especially when another restaurant in the hotel is Michelin-starred? The delectable, beautifully presented Cantonese food by Albert Tse, that's why. Or the expansive view of Tokyo Bay and the waterfront, planned site of the 2020 Olympics. Or: don't be such an absolutist, try both! 

**Everything at Mandarin Oriental Tokyo**
Don't blame us, there are no less than three Michelin-starred restaurants to choose from here. Signature starts with French haute cuisine and injects a dose of adventure and risk. Sense serves modern Cantonese plates, recalling the hotel group's roots in Hong Kong. And Tapas Molecular Bar practically sells itself: the cappuccino, for example, comprises candy floss swathed in a freeze-dried mantle of coffee and creamer. 

**New York Grill at Park Hyatt Tokyo**
On the 52nd floor, of course, you'll feast on the unrivaled views of Shinjuku and beyond as hungrily as you will on prime steak cuts, both Japanese and imported. Nothing less than the sumptuous best when you've reached this level (pun intended) --- spring for a bottle from the massive cellar or the set courses. The jazz cooks, too. 

**Blanc Rouge at Tokyo Station Hotel**
This 1915 building just oozes charm, even after its recent renovations. It's a fine spot for Masahiro Ishihara to ply his trade, notably at Blanc Rouge, where he can show off the culinary chops he built for years in France. And this one comes with a bonus suggestion: don't leave without visiting Tokyo Ramen Street --- unassuming though it may seem, this is a greatest-hits family of eight noodle purveyors buried in the retail labyrinth of Tokyo Station. Eminently worth the wait.